DOCS-2795: QA query sensor data sdk (#3362)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/how-tos/sensor-data-query-sdk.md

pip install viam-sdk
```

{{% /tablestep %}}
{{% tablestep%}}
**2. Install requirements**

> To query data with the Python SDK, you will need `bson` from the `pymongo` package. To install `bson`, run the following command:

Reviewer: This is incorrect. You either need the `bson` package or the `pymongo` package. The command you are running here installs the bson package.
```suggestion
To query data with the Python SDK, you will the `bson` package or the `pymongo` package.
To install `bson`, run the following command:
```

Author: sorry i didn't realize i was excluding the possibility of having the pymongo package! just wanted to point to simplest solution

To access your machines using the Python SDK, you must use an API key:

```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
viam organizations api-key create --org-id=<org-id> --name=my-api-key
```

This command uses the Viam CLI.

> You can use [`viam organizations list`](/cli/#organizations) to retrieve your organization's ID.

Reviewer: Because we can now get API keys from the organization settings page, we could change this. Then there's no need to install the CLI anymore. Fewer clicks away from this page

Author: Are you sure? IMO its a bit simpler than the manual instructions for retrieving api key and organization ids and that would require them to click around in the app anyways. I will change if you think 100%

{{% /tablestep %}}
{{% tablestep link="/appendix/apis/data-client/"%}}
**2. Use the API key with the `data_client`**

Use the API key and [`TabularDataByFilter()`](/appendix/apis/data-client/#tabulardatabyfilter), [`TabularDataBySQL()`](/appendix/apis/data-client/#tabulardatabysql), [`TabularDataByMQL()`](/appendix/apis/data-client/#tabulardatabymql), and[`DeleteTabularData()`](/appendix/apis/data-client/#deletetabulardata) to query data by creating and running the following Python script:

> ```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line="28-50"}

Reviewer: Seems slightly off
```suggestion
```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line="29-51"}
```

To access your machines using the Python SDK, you must use an API key:

```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
viam organizations api-key create --org-id=<org-id> --name=my-api-key
```

This command uses the Viam CLI.

> You can use `viam organizations list` to retrieve your organization's ID.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use [`viam organizations list`](/cli/#organizations) to retrieve your organization's ID.
```

> For more information, go to the documentation on [installing the Viam CLI](/cli/#install) and [the `viam organizations` command](/cli/#organizations).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, go to the documentation on [the `viam organizations` command](/cli/#organizations).
```

    asyncio.run(main())
```

> Make sure to replace the value in line 29 with your correct sensor name, line 35 with your organization ID which you can get by running `viam organizations list`, and line 37 with your location ID which you can get by running `viam locations list`.

Reviewer: This probably isn't visible enough. I think make the `<location-id>` all caps `<LOCATION-ID>` and add a
```
# TODO: Replace  <LOCATION-ID> with your location ID
```
above it (same or org id).

And then move this explainer above the code snippet into a note. That way it'll definitely be seen.

You could also pull the strings into variable before the query is called. That might also make it more visible. And you could even add error proofing:
```python
LOCATION_ID = ""
ORG_ID = ""
if not LOCATION_ID or not ORG_ID:
    print("Please specify your location ID and organization ID and rerun this script")
```

Reviewer: you can also change the highlighting on the snippet above to call out those lines

Author: done
